Hello!
Yeah.
She's like...
It's like an interview style.
Yeah.
Wait, so you went to Taiwan? What what was the...
What was good there to eat?
Yeah, street food.
Oh...
Yeah.
Taipei.
But is Taiwan the start of boba? Like is that where? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah...
They, they know how to steam it right?
Because it's a matter of steam... Yeah. It's...
Yeah.
I don't like it when there's like that the center of it is not cooked at all.
Oh... Oh. if somebody told me that I would...
I- I wouldn't be able to.
Yeah.
I thought it was like... Okay, I don't like... Okay.
Finding Nemo ruined, roll.
Like Salmon roll. To me like I was like I can't eat like
The eggs after.
Like, watching, finding, I know, right?
And so when I first saw boba, I was like...
it kind of reminded me yeah I'm like oh okay.
Yeah, but it's just sad.
Yeah.
Wait. I understand because you know how a lot of people like
Do you... like. You know when you Yelp places to go eat?
Are you okay with waiting for a long time if it's like...
Yeah, Really good.
What's your... limit?... One hour?
Yeah.
Our thing. Yeah.
Oh...
How?... Was it worth it?
Yeah.
mmh
Uh...
tong tong
Yeah.
Okay.
yeah
Where is your mom's hometown?
Oh. Wow. that's in. Yeah.
That's in Kyushu Island.
Yeah.
Tuna Salmon. Yeah.
What, what is their specialty there?
Because I know Japan has specialty according to region.
Oh. Their Pork.
Yeah.
It's a South part. The very south part in the Northern.
The southern island it's on the western side?
Yeah. West side on the island. Yeah. yeah.
Oh, nice.
I love Nagasaki. My, my mom is from Fukuoka.
So we always, it's like an, like a.
Oh.